What about Si Lei? How dare you not embarrass those people?
I'll hit you if you dare to bully Xiaoyu again
I'll make you regret living here.
Where's Si Lei? You're such a ruthless stickman.
Don’t forget that I was your wife back then
You have so much love now that you dare to bully me like this, right?
Hey Zhang Yang, if someone bullies you, bring someone over immediately.
Don't forget to try it with my husband. Just say something casually.
I can only kick you away and do this for the rest of my life.
Lin Xiaoshe is just always impulsive
How about talking about it?
Look at you like this
It's still a matter of courtesy, as if we've already negotiated a contract
It means there is no success
Xiaoyu, she can't go with you
Now lock yourself out of your mind
Aren’t you harming the monks?
On the surface, you see people communicating with each other
Losing peace of mind during competition
Will you become a monk now?